kyma-operator uses Helm3 (#8647)
kyma-project/kyma: components/kyma-operator/README.md

## Overview

Kyma Operator is a tool for installing all Kyma components. The project is based on the Kubernetes operator pattern. It tracks changes of the Installation custom resource and installs, uninstalls, and updates Kyma accordingly. 

> >**NOTE:** The Kyma Operator is designed to work as a [Singleton](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singleton_pattern), meaning that only one replica of the controller should be deployed, and only one Installation CR should be deployed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** The Kyma Operator is designed to work as a [singleton](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singleton_pattern), meaning that you should deploly only one replica of the controller, and only one Installation CR.
```

> The controller extends the api-server with the following CustomResources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The controller extends the api-server with the following custom resources:
```

- `installation.installer.kyma-project.io/v1alpha1`

## Prerequisites

> - recent version of Go language with support for modules (e.g: 1.12.6)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- recent version of Go with the support for modules, for example 1.12.6
```

- make
- kubectl

> - access to K8s environment: minikube or a remote K8s cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- access to Kubernetes environment: Minikube or a remote Kubernetes cluster
```

## Details

> ### Use command-line flags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use commandline flags
```

| Name | Required | Description | Default value |

> |------|----------|-------------|-----------------|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|------|:----------:|-------------|-----------------|
```

> | **kubeconfig** | no | Path to a kubeconfig file | Taken from the `KUBECONFIG` env parameter|
> | **kymaDir** | no | Directory holding helm releases, within the image/pod | `/kyma` |
> | **backoffIntervals** | no | Number of seconds to wait before subsequent retries | `10,20,40,60,80` |
> | **overrideLogFile** | no | Log File to Print Installation overrides to. | `/dev/stdout` |
> | **overrideLogFormat** | no | Installation Override Log format (Accepted values: text or json) | `text` |
> | **helmMaxHistory**  | no | Max number of releases returned by Helm release history query | `10` |
> | **helmDriver** | no | Helm backed storage drivers. [Options and details](https://helm.sh/docs/helm/helm/#helm) | `secrets` |
> | **helmDebugMode** | no | Enable/Disable Helm client output in the Kyma Operator logs | `false` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **kubeconfig** | NO | Path to a `kubeconfig` file. | Taken from the **KUBECONFIG** environment parameter.|
| **kymaDir** | NO | Directory holding helm releases within the image or Pod. | `/kyma` |
| **backoffIntervals** | NO | Number of seconds to wait before subsequent retries. | `10,20,40,60,80` |
| **overrideLogFile** | NO | Log file to print installation overrides to. | `/dev/stdout` |
| **overrideLogFormat** | NO | Installation override log format. The accepted values are text or JSON. | `text` |
| **helmMaxHistory**  | NO | Maximum number of releases returned by the Helm release history query. | `10` |
| **helmDriver** | NO | Helm backed storage drivers. Read more about [options and details](https://helm.sh/docs/helm/helm/#helm). | `secrets` |
| **helmDebugMode** | NO | Enables/Disables Helm client output in the Kyma Operator logs. | `false` |
```

> ### Supported Environmental Variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Supported environment variables
```

| Name | Default | Description |
| ---- | ------- | ----------- |

> | **INST_NAMESPACE** | `default` | Namespace in which the Installation CR is located |
> | **INST_RESOURCE** | `kyma-installation` | Name of the Installation custom resource |
> | **INST_FINALIZER** | `finalizer.installer.kyma-project.io` | Name of the finalizer |
> | **OVERRIDES_NAMESPACE** | `kyma-installer` | Namespace in which the Installer overrides are located |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **INST_NAMESPACE** | `default` | Namespace in which the Installation CR is located. |
| **INST_RESOURCE** | `kyma-installation` | Name of the Installation custom resource. |
| **INST_FINALIZER** | `finalizer.installer.kyma-project.io` | Name of the finalizer. |
| **OVERRIDES_NAMESPACE** | `kyma-installer` | Namespace in which the Installer overrides are located. |
```

> ## Custom Resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Installer custom resource
```

> The `installation.installer.kyma-project.io` CustomResourceDefinition (CRD) is a detailed description of the kind of data and the format the Kyma Operator Controller listens for. To get the up-to-date CRD and show

Reviewer: Is it the same custom resource as this one: https://kyma-project.io/docs/root/kyma#custom-resource-installation? 
Should it be `installation.installer.kyma-project.io` or `installations.installer.kyma-project.io`?

the output in the `yaml` format, run this command:

```bash

> kubectl get crd installation.installer.kyma-project.io -o yaml

Reviewer: Again the question: `installation.installer.kyma-project.io` or `installations.installer.kyma-project.io`?

```

### Sample custom resource

The [Installation custom resource file](https://kyma-project.io/docs/root/kyma/#custom-resource-installation) provides the basic information for Kyma installation.

## Additional information

### Upgrade Kyma

The upgrade procedure relies heavily on Helm. When you trigger the upgrade, Helm performs `helm upgrade` on Helm releases that exist in the cluster and are defined in the Kyma version you're upgrading to. If a Helm release is defined in the Kyma version you're upgrading to but is not present in the cluster when you trigger the upgrade, Helm performs `helm install` and installs such a release.

> When you trigger Kyma upgrade, the Kyma Operator lists the Helm releases installed in your current Kyma version. This list is compared against the list of Helm releases of the Kyma version you're upgrading to. The releases are matched by their names. The releases that match between versions are upgraded through `helm upgrade`. Releases that don't match are treated as new and installed through `helm install`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you trigger the Kyma upgrade, the Kyma Operator lists the Helm releases installed in your current Kyma version. This list is compared against the list of Helm releases of the Kyma version you're upgrading to, to match the releases by their names. The releases that match between versions are upgraded through `helm upgrade`. Releases that don't match are treated as new and installed through `helm install`.
```

>**NOTE:** If you changed the name of a Helm release for a component, remove it before upgrading Kyma to prevent a situation where two Helm releases of the same component exist in the cluster.

> The Operator doesn't migrate Custom Resources to a new version when update is triggered. Custom Resource backward compatibility, or lack thereof, is determined at the component or Helm release level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Operator doesn't migrate custom resources to a new version when the upgrade is triggered. The custom resource backward compatibility, or lack thereof, is determined at the component or Helm release level.
```
